had no point in history have we had
moments of 100% certainty there's always
some amount of adversity and challenge
but never in most of our lifetimes have
we seen so many countless potential
events on the horizon they are all
adding up to the perfect storm the
question is are you ready you came here
for the truth today we are going to look
at several pieces of information several
charts it will be very informative to
you let's get into it right away looking
at the chart on the left-hand side what
we have here is the G FIM bond index now
a 51 trillion dollar market one of the
biggest bubbles ever in history is the
current bubble that we have in
government debt can you believe it that
government can issue debt and make a
hefty profit off of it and that's what's
been happening in fact even when
governments give a negative yield on
their debt investors still buy it up
like crazy that's what we've been into
for the past several years here I mean
this chart showing you back from 97 but
it goes far far beyond that if the
Federal Reserve if other central banks
change course from their program of
reducing interest rates and it looks
like they're starting that this will be
disastrous for the bond market and it
will take down all other markets with it
that's not me trying to instill fear in
anyone you believe what you want but
when you have a major bubble understand
that the dominoes fall looking at the
chart on the right-hand side the housing
market has appreciated significantly all
major housing markets are on levels
above the 2007 pre global financial
crisis highs doesn't surprise me
especially being from Canada I can see
this every single day up 67 percent
Germany 32 percent and so on Canada has
no economy
than the housing market so of course the
government has been allowing this to
continue for quite some time and while
interest rates have risen a bit we have
seen the housing prices go up two
degrees that just defy gravity and it
won't really stop anytime soon until
they're willing to really increase
interest rates we've seen these small
fractions that have happened but they
have to increase at a much faster rate
they have to do more but they won't
they'll let the bubble continue to grow
and grow pricing out people from their
ability to ever buy home most people are
unfortunately convinced that they will
unfortunately though many people would
not be able to buy homes okay that's
just the way this let's go on total
global debt all sectors this is in
trillions quarter 1 of each year
comparing the different countries across
the world here all I wanted to know was
this global debt some would say that we
owe it to ourselves therefore there's
nothing to worry about but I would say
to those individuals look at what that
does to the average person they can say
look I don't need to worry I don't need
to worry about that I can go and more
debt and more debt and more debt but the
collection agencies keep calling they
start to lose the ability to do certain
things in fact in the US memory serves
correctly they were going to maybe this
has hasn't been implemented but start
restricting travel if you all taxes and
other things and of course if they
haven't done it already they will do
that and the amount of debt that
corporations have gotten themselves into
the amount that nations and cities and
states and look at what happens to
people's pension funds as a result oops
you forgot about that one didn't you
pension funds will be lost will be cut
back because of debt moving on a 27
trillion growth dollar growth in global
GDP will support a 300 trillion dollar
increase in total financial assets by
2020 oh how I love these charts
basically it's comparing at the bottom
here real economy versus the financial
economy these numbers maybe they're
accurate maybe not it doesn't really
matter
coming from national stats IMF oacd and
so on what you'll see is that
governments get themselves into more and
more debt they get themselves into more
financial trouble the same with all of
the corporations individuals all the way
through the line and the more that the
debt expands the more these financial
instruments expand they are one in the
same and you can't make this stuff up
when there is fractional reserve banking
when they're on then on top of that you
have the derivatives the system is a
fraud and I love the fact that they draw
this as an upside down pyramid because
that's what I did for my first book you
know we have this real sick economy
where nothing makes any sense and the
whole world is built around the fraud
nobody sees it this right here would be
real assets this one right here
fractional reserve banking and this here
is the derivatives and essentially
trying to show you not the scale how
things are you have a very small amount
of real assets supporting the big giant
bubble
top of it what do you think is gonna
happen maybe not today maybe not
tomorrow maybe it's ten years maybe it's
20 years from now I don't know I don't
know when it's going to happen but you
can't do this forever
and people think look hey whatever no
big deal
they have had crashes in the past and
everyone turns out just fine in the end
well let me tell you something that may
be the case however there's never been a
bubble this big every single crash that
happens and get work it gets worse than
the one before it every single time the
government reacts even more the Federal
Reserve acts even more so we know that
the next one we'll experience would at
least be worse than the global financial
crisis that we experienced a few years
ago now time is flying by quickly that's
what I'm trying to warn about it's not
the fact that it won't happen sure we
always have these crashes but it's going
to be a lot worse
growth of global non-financial debt
versus GDP does this surprise anybody
for even one second that while the GDP
has increased to a great degree the
amount of that non-financial debt that
is experienced it's just such a I mean
the ratio is ridiculous it doesn't make
any sense where you can have all of
these different I don't want to call
them assets I always struggle with this
word assets expanding far beyond the
debt expanding far beyond the GDP and
the GDP itself is fake debt to GDP is
rising fast
once again comparing all these different
countries up up and away nothing new
let's move on surging debt China's total
borrowing has risen to about 260 percent
on the economy corporate debt as a
percentage of GDP and banks debt and
household debt and everything else well
lo and behold I have a similar chart to
show you in a similar direction where
everything is increasing but that's okay
because nothing bad can ever happen in
China a lot of people think that China
will not experience a downturn but I
assure you they will there will be
setbacks along the way however it looks
that China will be you know 20 years 30
years down the road better off than it
is today I'm not denying the growth
potential of China I wrote about it in
my first book but don't ever think that
what you experienced today may be
totally different tomorrow you could
wake up tomorrow and everything has
changed but of course most people have
quite a short memory and they tend to
forget and to forget very easily in fact
if you look at real estate for example
in Canada you know it's basically been
rising since the early 90s and it's just
been going up and up and up so real
estate agents who have been working in
the field and those in the financial
business or loans and everything else
mortgages the majority of them that have
been working since the 90s right through
have experienced decades of persistently
low mortgage rates and increasing
housing prices so what do you think
they're going to tell you what do you
think they're going to believe what do
you think you're gonna write about and
the articles in the mainstream media I
think I pushed though and the propaganda
gets out there and into your minds but
you don't realize that but you see it
every single place you go it gets
inserted into you and you don't realize
that it's all subconscious but that's
what happens you cannot deny the end
result let's move on
okay so Moody's downgraded China a few
months ago no big deal
SMP does the same thing no big deal and
the majority of people agree with that
statement that's no big deal
and for me the rating agencies are a
complete bunch of BS so we don't need to
care too much however the stock markets
and everything else they're all
interconnected they care about this type
of stuff so it is interesting to see
that both of these have downgraded them
I don't know where this is going to go
probably not very far but the u.s. got
downgraded and it was a little bit of an
issue for quite some time there so we'll
see I just wanted to mention it and last
but not least this now the Federal
Reserve released their statement about
what they wanted to do they're gonna
unwind their balance sheet and they're
going to save the day that's right right
out of the Federal Reserve's own website
you can see what they wrote instead of
just looking at the mainstream media but
essentially what they said is for
payments on the principle that the
Federal Reserve receives from maturing
Treasury securities the committee
anticipates that the cap will be six
billion per month initially and will
increase in steps of six billion at
three-month intervals over 12 months
until it reaches 30 billion per month
that is incredible Wow so great the
Federal Reserve is going to pull back on
their balance sheets let me tell you
something right now I don't make
predictions on this channel there's two
things I want to mention I've mentioned
them in the comments but I wanted to
make very clear about this okay
if they pull back on their balance sheet
and they actually do is number one other
central banks will step in and buy it up
it's my beautiful writing here
number two potential the Federal Reserve
actually does cut back
and we experience another global
economic collapse all right so we go
from the financial crisis into the
financial crisis part two that's what I
would say either way it's bad because
you just basically shift that garbage
from one area to another or you
purposely remember purposely draw from
liquidity crash the economy's destroy
the stock markets those with the money
are able to get in buy up all the assets
for pennies on the dollar and they will
be successful and what they're doing
because they always are because they're
in control because they own the
mainstream media because they own the
financial markets and every single thing
in between never believed that these
people don't hold the control they can
crash the market tomorrow
using liquidity that's how they do it
that's all for this video if you found
it informative please give me a thumbs
up I post videos every day so you
definitely want to make sure that you're
subscribed to the channel last but not
least if you found this video
informative I know you will find my
books even more informative you can
check out my first book which is about
the four asset classes and how to profit
from them and my newer release which is
about reducing your monthly expenses and
how to become self-sufficient you can
check these out at Amazon links are in
the description below
take care